---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "woodpecker_repository Data Source - terraform-provider-woodpecker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about a repository.
---

# woodpecker_repository (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "woodpecker_repository" "test_repo" {
  full_name = "Kichiyaki/test-repo"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `full_name` (String) the full name of the repository (format: owner/reponame)

### Read-Only

- `allow_deployments` (Boolean) Enables a pipeline to be started with the deploy event from a successful pipeline.
- `allow_pull_requests` (Boolean) Enables handling webhook's pull request event. If disabled, then pipeline won't run for pull requests.
- `avatar_url` (String) the repository's avatar URL
- `cancel_previous_pipeline_events` (Set of String) Enables to cancel pending and running pipelines of the same event and context before starting the newly triggered one (push, tag, pull_request, deployment).
- `clone_url` (String) the URL to clone repository
- `config_file` (String) The path to the pipeline config file or folder. By default it is left empty which will use the following configuration resolution .woodpecker/*.yml -> .woodpecker/*.yaml -> .woodpecker.yml -> .woodpecker.yaml.
- `default_branch` (String) the name of the default branch
- `forge_id` (Number) the forge's id
- `forge_remote_id` (String) the unique identifier for the repository on the forge
- `forge_url` (String) the URL of the repository on the forge
- `id` (Number) the repository's id
- `is_active` (Boolean) whether the repo is active
- `is_private` (Boolean) whether the repo (SCM) is private
- `name` (String) the name of the repository
- `netrc_trusted_plugins` (Set of String) Plugins that get access to netrc credentials that can be used to clone repositories from the forge or push them into the forge.
- `owner` (String) the owner of the repository
- `require_approval` (String) Prevent malicious pipelines from exposing secrets or running harmful tasks by approving them before execution. Allowed values: forks, pull_requests, all_events
- `timeout` (Number) after this timeout a pipeline has to finish or will be treated as timed out (in minutes)
- `trusted` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trusted))
- `visibility` (String) project visibility (public, private, internal), see [the docs](https://woodpecker-ci.org/docs/usage/project-settings#project-visibility) for more info

<a id="nestedatt--trusted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trusted`

Read-Only:

- `network` (Boolean) Pipeline containers get access to network privileges like changing DNS.
- `security` (Boolean) Pipeline containers get access to security privileges.
- `volumes` (Boolean) Pipeline containers are allowed to mount volumes.
